This project successfully implements a Naive Bayes classifier in C++ to predict the faction (good or evil) of transforming robots based on categorical attributes: eye color, alternate mode, and special skill. The model was trained on labeled data and tested using a separate dataset, with predictions written to an output file. The inclusion of accuracy metrics allowed for a basic evaluation of the model's performance. 


OUTPUT:

red,car,supply => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
blue,jet,scout => good
red,animal,supply => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
red,car,attack => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,animal,attack => evil
red,car,attack => evil
red,animal,repair => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
red,car,repair => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
blue,animal,scout => good
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
red,jet,attack => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
red,jet,supply => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
red,car,scout => evil
red,truck,scout => evil
yellow,jet,scout => evil
red,jet,attack => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
blue,truck,attack => good
red,truck,repair => evil
red,car,scout => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
red,car,supply => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
red,car,repair => evil
yellow,animal,scout => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
blue,truck,supply => good
red,truck,supply => evil
yellow,jet,repair => good
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,animal,attack => good
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,car,scout => good
red,car,scout => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
blue,car,scout => good
blue,car,repair => good
blue,car,scout => good
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,jet,supply => evil
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,car,repair => good
red,animal,attack => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,jet,supply => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,car,repair => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,jet,supply => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
red,jet,supply => evil
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
red,car,repair => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
red,jet,repair => evil
red,animal,scout => evil
red,car,supply => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
red,truck,scout => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
blue,truck,supply => good
red,car,attack => evil
red,car,supply => evil
blue,car,attack => good
blue,truck,repair => good
blue,truck,attack => good
red,animal,scout => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
blue,car,attack => good
blue,truck,repair => good
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
yellow,car,attack => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
red,jet,attack => evil
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
blue,animal,repair => good
red,animal,supply => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,car,scout => good
red,jet,repair => evil
blue,animal,supply => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,jet,repair => good
blue,truck,supply => good
blue,animal,repair => good
blue,jet,attack => good
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
red,animal,supply => evil
red,car,scout => evil
yellow,animal,attack => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
red,jet,supply => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,car,repair => good
red,truck,attack => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
blue,truck,scout => good
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,car,supply => good
red,truck,scout => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
yellow,car,scout => evil
yellow,car,repair => good
red,animal,supply => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,truck,attack => good
yellow,car,repair => good
blue,truck,repair => good
blue,animal,repair => good
red,car,attack => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
red,jet,supply => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,jet,supply => evil
blue,car,supply => good
blue,car,scout => good
yellow,car,repair => good
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,animal,scout => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,car,repair => good
blue,truck,supply => good
red,truck,attack => evil
blue,car,scout => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,car,scout => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,jet,scout => good
blue,animal,supply => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
blue,animal,repair => good
yellow,car,supply => good
blue,truck,scout => good
blue,animal,repair => good
blue,jet,scout => good
blue,animal,repair => good
blue,truck,attack => good
blue,animal,attack => good
red,truck,attack => evil
blue,car,attack => good
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,truck,supply => good
yellow,car,supply => good
red,car,scout => evil
yellow,animal,scout => evil
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,car,scout => good
yellow,animal,scout => evil
blue,car,supply => good
red,car,supply => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
blue,car,attack => good
yellow,truck,repair => good
red,truck,attack => evil
red,truck,scout => evil
blue,truck,scout => good
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,truck,supply => good
yellow,truck,repair => good
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,truck,repair => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,animal,attack => good
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,truck,scout => good
red,car,supply => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,truck,repair => good
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,car,repair => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,car,attack => good
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
red,animal,attack => evil
red,car,attack => evil
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,animal,attack => good
red,jet,repair => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
yellow,jet,supply => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
red,animal,attack => evil
red,car,supply => evil
red,car,scout => evil
blue,truck,attack => good
red,car,supply => evil
red,truck,scout => evil
red,animal,repair => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
red,car,attack => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
red,animal,repair => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,jet,scout => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
red,animal,repair => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,animal,scout => evil
red,animal,attack => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
blue,car,supply => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,jet,supply => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
blue,car,attack => good
red,car,scout => evil
red,animal,scout => evil
blue,car,scout => good
blue,car,repair => good
blue,truck,attack => good
blue,animal,scout => good
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
red,jet,scout => evil
blue,car,attack => good
red,truck,scout => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
yellow,car,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,animal,attack => evil
yellow,animal,scout => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,truck,supply => good
blue,jet,attack => good
blue,animal,repair => good
red,car,supply => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,car,supply => good
red,truck,attack => evil
red,animal,attack => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
yellow,jet,supply => evil
blue,car,repair => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
red,animal,repair => evil
red,car,scout => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
yellow,animal,repair => good
blue,animal,scout => good
blue,animal,scout => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
red,truck,scout => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
red,truck,attack => evil
red,animal,scout => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
yellow,animal,scout => evil
blue,truck,attack => good
red,animal,attack => evil
red,jet,repair => evil
red,animal,repair => evil
blue,animal,attack => good
blue,animal,supply => good
blue,animal,supply => good
red,animal,supply => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
red,truck,supply => evil
yellow,truck,attack => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
yellow,truck,attack => evil
yellow,jet,scout => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,truck,attack => evil
blue,car,supply => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
yellow,jet,repair => good
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
red,car,supply => evil
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,animal,attack => evil
red,car,attack => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
blue,car,scout => good
blue,animal,attack => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,animal,scout => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,animal,scout => good
blue,car,attack => good
red,truck,repair => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
blue,truck,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,animal,attack => evil
blue,truck,attack => good
red,car,attack => evil
blue,truck,scout => good
yellow,truck,scout => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
red,animal,scout => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
red,car,scout => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,jet,attack => evil
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
red,jet,supply => evil
blue,car,attack => good
red,car,repair => evil
blue,animal,scout => good
red,jet,scout => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
red,animal,repair => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
red,animal,scout => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,jet,repair => good
blue,car,attack => good
red,car,repair => evil
red,jet,scout => evil
blue,truck,repair => good
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,truck,attack => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,car,scout => good
yellow,car,supply => good
yellow,truck,repair => good
yellow,jet,scout => evil
blue,truck,supply => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
yellow,truck,attack => evil
red,truck,repair => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
red,car,attack => evil
blue,car,attack => good
yellow,car,supply => good
blue,truck,attack => good
blue,car,scout => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
blue,truck,supply => good
red,animal,repair => evil
blue,car,repair => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
red,truck,scout => evil
yellow,jet,repair => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,jet,repair => good
blue,car,scout => good
blue,truck,attack => good
red,jet,repair => evil
red,car,attack => evil
yellow,animal,repair => good
yellow,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,attack => good
red,truck,scout => evil
red,truck,attack => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
yellow,car,scout => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
red,car,supply => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
blue,truck,scout => good
red,animal,attack => evil
yellow,animal,attack => evil
red,car,supply => evil
red,car,scout => evil
yellow,jet,scout => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
blue,jet,supply => good
blue,truck,supply => good
blue,car,supply => good
blue,car,repair => good
blue,truck,attack => good
yellow,jet,supply => evil
blue,jet,scout => good
red,truck,repair => evil
yellow,truck,scout => evil
yellow,car,repair => good
red,car,scout => evil
blue,animal,repair => good
red,animal,supply => evil
yellow,car,supply => good
red,truck,attack => evil
yellow,truck,repair => good
yellow,jet,attack => evil
red,animal,supply => evil
red,truck,supply => evil
yellow,truck,supply => good
red,jet,scout => evil
yellow,car,attack => evil
